= Alexander Zubkov Dot Files

This is a fork from Ryan Bates's dotfiles. I removed bash. vim, added
aliases for Rails 3, changed zsh config a bit, added RVM and more.


== Installation

  git clone git://github.com/sekrett/dotfiles ~/.dotfiles
  cd ~/.dotfiles
  rake install


== Environment

I am running on FreeBSD, but it will likely work on Mac OS X and Linux as
well with minor fiddling. I primarily use zsh, so you should switch to zsh
with the following command.

  chsh -s /usr/local/bin/zsh


== RVM
To install RVM just type:

  install_rvm

No need to reload shell, it's loaded automatically after installation.


== Features

I normally place all of my coding projects in ~/workspace or ~/rails, so
these directories can easily be accessed (and tab completed) with the "w"
and "r" commands.

  w railsca<tab>
  r railsca<tab>


There is also an "h" command which behaves similar, but acts on the 
home path.

  h doc<tab>

Tab completion is also added to rake and cap commands:

  rake db:mi<tab>
  cap de<tab>

To speed things up, the results are cached in local .rake_tasks~ and 
.cap_tasks~. It is smart enough to expire the cache automatically in 
most cases, but you can simply remove the files to flush the cache.

There are a few key bindings set. Many of these require option to be
set as the meta key. Option-left/right arrow will move cursor by word, 
and control-left/right will move to beginning and end of line. 
Control-option-N will open a new tab with the current directory under
Mac OS X Terminal.

If you're using git, you'll notice the current branch name shows up in
the prompt while in a git repository.

If you're using Rails 3, you'll find some handy aliases (below). You can 
also use show_log and hide_log in script/console to show the log inline.
  
  rn       # rails new
  rs       # rails s
  rg       # rails g
  rgs      # rails g nifty:scaffold
  rc       # rails c
  rp       # rails plugin
  rpi      # rails plugin install
  
  a        # autotest
  tlog     # tail -f log/development.log
  rst      # touch tmp/restart.txt
  migrate  # rake db:migrate

See the other aliases in ~/.zsh/aliases

If there are some shell configuration settings which you want secure or 
specific to one system, place it into a ~/.localrc or ~/.profile file.
This will be loaded automatically if it exists.

There are several features enabled in Ruby's irb including history and 
completion. Many convenience methods are added as well such as "ri"
which can be used to get inline documentation in IRB. See irbrc and
railsrc files for details.
